PYTHON DATA ANALYSIS PROJECT
# ONLINE LEARNING IN THE TIME OF COVID-19 

## ABOUT THE PROJECT 

This is my joint graduation project with 2 other classmates for my 3-month full-time Data Science BootCamp organized by Coder's School, Vietnam. Our project focuses on the factors affecting online learning engagement of students in the US during the Covid-19-induced massive school lockdown of 2020 and what it might imply in terms of policy intervetions.   

We used Python libraries, mainly ***Pandas***, ***Seaborn*** & ***Mathplotlib*** for data manipulation, analysis and visualization. 

## ABOUT THE DATASET 
The dataset was derived from a Kaggle competition. Link to the data [here](https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/learnplatform-covid19-impact-on-digital-learning/discussion). It included data about students' engagement with various online platforms (Goolge Classrooms, Youtube, Kahoot!, Zoom, etc.), collected via the LearnPlatform Chrome Extension from 200 US school districts in 2020.

There are three main sets:  
> * The **engagement_ data** folder is based on LearnPlatform’s Student Chrome Extension. The extension collects page load events of over 10K education technology products in their product library, including websites, apps, web apps, software programs, extensions, ebooks, hardwares, and services used in educational institutions. The engagement data have been aggregated at school district level, and each file represents data from one school district.  
> * The **products_info.csv** file includes information about the characteristics of the top 372 products with most users in 2020.  
> * The **districts_info.csv** file includes information about the characteristics of school districts, including data from NCES and FCC.  
> 
> ***(Data description from Kaggle)***

### Data challenges and solutions

| Challenge | Description| Solution
|---|---|---|
|Lack of District-level data| The district ID was uniquely generated by LearntPlatform system and there was no other detail (name, address) to identify the school districts, therefore it was impossible to merge the engagement data with other external district-level data | None 

## CREDIT 
